In order to properly use this android app, you need to first install 
the Android SDK tools and the Android Studio on your personal computer. 
You can find both of these tools from this 
link: https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html
Once both tools are installed, open the Android SDK manager within the 
android studio, and download "Android Support Repository", "Android Support
Library", "Google Play Services", and "Google Repository" packages from the 
"extras" folder. 
Once finished, open "CrimsonFlush2" in Android Studio and access the code for
the app. To run the app, connect an android device to your computer, and drag the
apk file from the project folder into the phone's directory. Then, install the 
app on the phone from the "Application Manager."(You should find it listed as an
app on your device) This app also requires that your phone has Google Play Services
installed, you can check by seeing if a "Google Play Store" app is present on your
device.  
With the app installed, open the app, and you should see a map centered at Harvard
Yard. There are green location markers indicating different toilet locations within
and around the Yard. You should be able to drag and manipulate the map as you would
with the google maps app. The location button on the top right screen should show the 
user location. When the markers are clicked, the app redirects to an information 
page specific to the toilet that specifies the floor, and the accessibility of the 
water closet.
If you wish to run the app through an emulator instead, download Genymotion at
this link: http://www.genymotion.com/
Once downloaded and installed, create a new "Google Nexus 4" device with android
version 4.3. Then go to https://goo.im/gapps/ and download the "gapps-jb-20130812-signed.zip"
file. This is the Google Play services. Once downloaded, run the virtual device 
and drag and place the zip file in the genymotion window. It will prompt a 
comfirmation screen and press ok. Once successfully installed, drag the apk file into 
the genymotion window and the app will start to run.


